hey guys catch 100 here from rd in two
games today I'm playing a little total
miner and i'll show you an easy way to
make a lot of money so first you you're
going to want to go to the block job and
to do this you're going to need to have
the blueprint for woven weaves I mean
not to overmix your rope and that's
pretty deep down so leave an empty
inventory except for your pickaxe so I'm
just putting all my stuff in the bag
you're going to need a work bench as
legends fault so for some weird reason i
didn't have open lead some box so i just
went and chop one down so i can buy them
and even if you don't have a lot of
money you'll still end up with a lot at
the end if you don't want to buy the
leaves you just chop more cheese alright
self I'm gonna buy a lot of leaves you
don't need that much but that's if you
want a lotta money then you're going to
want to make the UM want a crap rope out
of three columns of for the leaves make
as much rope as you can and the only bad
thing about this is so on the tapping
everyone but it's worth it if you want a
lot of money I'm gonna only make 200
rope I just made a hundred not gonna do
my entire inventory but i'll show you
how much i have
okay their pad $100 200 leaves and then
rope sells for 50 for each so 54 x 100 x
2 adds up looking my money going up and
then I did that enough that I got the
titanium pickaxe and I got a lot of
money well wrong then I got all this
money in this Bank from just doing that
those are all full slots so it's a
pretty good thing ok so I have fun
making a lot of money and she might leap
of faith if you even care to watch it
goes all the way to the bottom ok bye
you